ISA Lord has two products for which
you had requested that a comparison video be
made - ISA Lord's Health Shield and
ISA Lord's latest launched product which is
Health Advantage.
Today we will compare these two. What are the differences between these two,
what are the differences in cost
and which one should you choose,
you will be able to decide on that basis.
Before starting the video, I would
like to introduce myself. My name is
Gurleen G Tikku. I am a Certified
Financial Planner. I have been
associated with the insurance industry for the last 16 years
and every week I bring videos for you so
that your personal financial life can
become easy and happy because the
tagline of our company is also creating a wealth
of happiness. Moving on to the video,
in the video we will talk about the comparison between
ISC Lombard Health Shield and ISC
Lombard Health Advantage. First, let's
talk about the basic benefits and the
options available in both. ISC Lord
Health Shield  Available is 5 lakh, 7 lakh,
10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh and 25 lakh and there are
three variants in ISC Lord Health Advantage,
Apex Royal and Prime and the
sum and total available in them
is 5 lakh, 7.5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20, 25, 30,
75, 1 CR, 2 CR and 3 CR. So if you are
looking to take higher sum short then ISC Low
Bard Health Advantage is the solution. If we
talk about room rent eligibility, there is
no limit in both the room rents,
you can choose any room. Day care
procedures are covered in ISC Low Bard Health Shield, there is
no list specified where as
542 day cares are covered in ISC Lord Health Advantage.
Pre and post hospitalization 30 days and
60 days are covered in ISC Low Bard
Health Shield.  In Advantage you have the choice of 30
days and 60 days, if you want it to be
60 days or 90 days then you can choose, the
premium will vary, it will be a little
higher, so next is the reset
benefit, so there was a clause in ICICI Lombard Health Shield
that you can get refill done unlimited number of
times, you can get it reset,
but you can claim only on unrelated or different illness,
whereas in ICICI Lombard
Health Advantage you can get 100% refill done once
a year, but you can use it on anything,
unrelated, related illness,
different illness, same person, that means
you can use it in any way, there is no clause on
it, if we talk about emergency road ambulance,
in ICICI Lombard Health Shield, %
off sum will be given from the short or 00 whichever is lower, whichever is lower, the
same is your
% off sum in ICICI Lombard Health Advantage also.
Short or 10000 for example if you have a
policy of 10 lakhs then you
can claim maximum up to 10000 suppose you have a
policy of 20 lakhs then the per sum assured is
20000 but the maximum limit is 10000
so 10000 will not be covered, it will be
on 10000 only in that case also emergency air
ambulance is also covered in both the plans
ICC Lombard Health Shield has optional
cover and over and above sum assured and it is
optional in ICSA Lombard Health Advantage which is up to the sum assured. If we
talk about health checkup, the
complimentary health checkup
provided by the insurance company is
pre-defined in ICC Lombard Health Shield, there will be two health checkups
in a year, their list is already
floated, only that can be done, you
can get tests done only up to 10% off sum assured in ICSA Lombard Health Advantage, we
will talk about no claim bonus no  The claim
bonus available in ICICI Lombard Health Shield
is 10% per year. If you do
not claim, then you are
given a no claim bonus of 10% every year, the maximum will go up to 50%
and if you claim, then it will be
deducted in proportion to 10%.
In ICICI Lombard Health Advantage, there is a
guaranteed no claim bonus of 20%, which means you are
getting 20% ​​if you do not claim,
and there is no roll back, there is no claw back, the
maximum will go up to 100%. Suppose
you take a claim in the year in which you will
not get the no claim bonus, but there will be no deductibility either. So,
if you are
given 100% by taxing 20% ​​only once, suppose a
policy of 10 lakhs reaches 20 lakhs, then it will
not be deductible, it will
remain 20 lakhs for the lifetime. The
age of the dependent child is 20 years in ICI Lombard Health
Shield. The
dependent child will be given a separate benefit as soon as he turns 21.  Premium has to be paid, which
means they get split and
go into separate policies. Where age is
ICSE Lombard Health Advantage, this
age has been increased to 25 years, so IUSH
hospitalization which is covered
in both Ayurvedic, Yoga, Unani Siddha, Homeopathy etc. is
up to some short. If we talk about consumable bills, then
you have to add a rider in Consumable Bills Health Shield.
Where age is inbuilt in Health Advantage, it is a
part of the policy, the premium you are paying is
already inbuilt in it. So
if we talk about relationships, how many
relationships are covered in one policy?
In ICSE Lombard Health Shield,
self-spouse and three children are covered. Self-
spouse and up to three kids. Where age is ICSE Lombard
Health Advantage,
self-spouse up to three kids, parents
and parents-in-law, so they can be added in a single policy.
Now we will talk about waiting
periods, as you know, the
initial waiting period is 30 days in every policy.
You cannot get any plan hospitalized for 30 days.
An
emergency accidental hospitalization is
covered from day one. Apart from this, there are two more common
waiting periods which are
specific exclusions.
Generally, companies have a
waiting period of two years. So, in ISC Lombard
Health Shield, there is only two years which is the
standard specific waiting period and
in ICC Lombard Health Advantage, you have the
option to choose one year and two years.
If you choose one year specific exclusion, the
premium will increase slightly.
Otherwise, you can also keep two years. The
second is pre-
existed
and in ISC Lombard Health Advantage, there is an
option in which you can keep 2 years, 3 years or 4
years. If you want to increase the
waiting period of PD, then your premium will
reduce. Suppose there is no pre-
existing disease, then you
can increase your waiting period and
reduce your premium.
In ICC Lombard Health Shield  If we
talk about the entry age for taking the policy, the
minimum entry age for a child is 6
years and for an adult is 18 years. The minimum
entry age in a family floater policy for a
child is 90 days and there is
no maximum age. You can enter this policy as long as you want. Even
if you are 70 or 75 years old,
you can still take this policy.
Similarly, in many policies, 65 is the
maximum entry age, but it is
not the case with ICICI Lombard Health Shield. So, this policy is
for those who have crossed 65 and
want comprehensive coverage. They can check out the
ICSA Lombard Health Advantage. The
minimum entry age is the same for a child i.e.
6 years in a floater policy and 90 days in a floater policy. The
minimum entry age for an adult is 18 years. The
maximum entry age is 65 years. So,
after 65 years, you will
not be able to enter ICC Lombard Health Advantage, but
you can do so for a continuous lifetime.
Both policies now have some add-on riders
that
you can add to both policies, such as
OPD benefit. OPD benefit is
optional in both plans. You
can opt for it by paying some additional premium. So, there
is a sum share on age in ICAC Lord Health Shield. There
is a sum share on age in ICAC Lord Health
Advantage. Hospital cash benefit
means there is a daily hospital limit.
For every day you stay in the hospital, you
get an additional hospital cash benefit. If
you opt for this rider, then sum on age
is optional in ICAC Lord Health Shield. Again,
sum on age is optional here too, in which
you can avail a benefit of ₹0,000,000 per day. The
premium will be decided accordingly. ISA Lombard has a
very good feature with Super No Claim Bonus, which
is available in ISA Lord Health Shield. However, the option of
Super No Claim Bonus is not available in ISA Lombard Health Advantage.
Organ Ton and Expenses are covered in both.  There
is maternity benefit in ICC Lombard Health Shield and
ICC Lombard Health Advantage.
Maternity benefit
is also available in ICC Lombard Health Shield.
But it will be seen that
what is available in ICC Lombard Health Shield is
along with OPD benefit. So there is an option to opt for OPD and
maternity benefit together in
which you can claim
maternity benefit but with a waiting
period of three years. Whereas
in IC Lombard Health Advantage, you can claim
maternity benefit after nine
months also but for that you will have to pay three
years premium upfront. So let's
talk about the maternity coverage which is included in it. Maternity benefit
cover is ₹10 per sum shot maximum is ₹1 lakh
and there is vaccination cover also in it.
Vaccination cover is on 1st and newborn baby
expenses cover is maximum up to 20th.  To 20 lakhs,
so you can choose this if you
want maternity, but as I told you,
you will have to pay the premium for 1 year upfront.
So these were the differences between IAC
Lord Health Shield and ICAC Lombard
Health Advantage. So, to give you a L to L
comparison, I am removing the maternity benefit in both, so that
in the premium calculation, so that you can do a L to L
comparison.
[Music]
So, detailed videos on both these plans
are also available on our channel, the link of which I will
share in the description box -
ICC Lord Health Shield, ICC Lord
Health Advantage. So, you
can also refer to the individual videos if you want to watch
and want detailed information. If you have any query regarding
these two plans, regarding
ICAC Lord
or regarding health insurance, then
you know where to contact. The phone
number and email ID are mentioned below. And if you have any
feedback, please let me know on which I should make the next video. Please
also tell me for help with that.  If we get
what you guys want to see, then
we will work on that only and thank you so much for
supporting us and loving us. Quick reminder, if
you have not yet subscribed to our channel, do
subscribe so that you get the
right information at the right time. Stay
safe, take care. Bye bye, see you in the next
video.